Today I want to talk about two
individuals who I think you should
follow. I have a slightly different
style of how I conduct myself on social
media. I don't believe in saying
negative things about anyone. What is
right is far more important than who is
right.
[Music]
Hi, my name is John Jish. I am a doctor
of biomedical engineering which gives me
a unique perspective on many things
human physiology, nutrition and exercise
science related. Today I want to talk
about two individuals who I think you
should follow. I have a slightly
different style of how I conduct myself
on social media. I don't believe in
saying negative things about anyone.
What is right is far more important than
who is right. So in the context of that,
the first person I want to mention is
Menow Henselman's. You should follow
Menow Henselman's. Brilliant guy. He
puts out a lot of science. But the the
probably the most important thing he
does other than authoring his own
science is he summarizes
research into like a three or four image
presentation and uh they're very current
topics. They're very important topics.
They are topics that everybody is
talking about and care deeply about some
way or the other. and he ends up adding
a lot to the conversation.
And by a lot, I mean the facts, the
data. So, cutting out all the opinions
and cutting, you know, out what every,
you know, sideways hat guy that hangs
out in a gym all day long, not
particularly interested in those type of
people. I want to see the data. I want
to see like what what's really here. So
Meta is awesome. Really
top-notch in his reporting of the
science. It's one of those situations
where
by any any definition, any way of
looking at it, you're going to be a
smarter person. You're going to be a
more knowledgeable person by following
him, listening to what he has to say. He
presents in a very unbiased,
very pragmatic way, and uh I think
you'll be better for following him.
Another one who has a very opposite uh
presentation style and does definitely
call out people and and kind of make fun
of people who are wrong, which is
something I don't do, but he does. Uh is
Professor Bart K. Now, Bart does have
the luxury of being supremely correct
when talking about nutrition research.
Also, nutrition research is loaded with
dishonesty. We we have decades where we
can very easily demonstrate how the
sugar and snack food industry has bought
off scientists and promoted fraudulent
research which is in our faces all day
every day. When you see on a box of
cereal says this cereal is heart
healthy. There is absolutely nothing in
cereal that is heart healthy. That is a
bold-faced lie. And Professor Bart K is
really great at pointing that out. Uh I
believe he is the smartest person in
nutrition science. Hands down. You
should follow him. Now, he's going to
make fun of people and he has a
sometimes he even plays a character
where he'll dress up in like a funny
outfit to to do his presentation. So,
he's making fun of other people, but
he's also making fun of himself in his
colorful presentation style, but uh
really important information. And it is
important, especially in the nutrition
space, to know what's just not correct
because most of what is out there is not
correct. for example, he has been saying
for years that there's no association
whatsoever to, and this is just an
example, to saturated fat consumption
and heart disease. There never has been.
And many people saw that and called him
a liar and made fun of him and used
clips of his videos and their videos,
which I think is just a
not my style. But turns out he was right
the whole time. And uh to confirm that 2
years ago there was a burden of proof
study put out by nature which is a very
highly reputable journal. And what they
determined was a burden of proof study
is looking at thousands and thousands of
studies and trying to find out if there
is really proof to a statement or was
the statement made and that statement
was just replicated in so many other
studies. We have accepted it as truth
even though there is no evidence that it
is truth. And it turns out that on the
issue of LDL cholesterol and saturated
fat being associated with heart disease,
there is no information
there at all, which is exactly what
Professor K was saying. He just said it
about five, six years before. Actually,
I don't even know. Well, he was probably
saying it 20 years ago, but he called it
and he knows with no doubts. He knows
and he can he's going to tell you the
right thing. So, I definitely recommend
following Menow Henselman's and
Professor Bart K. If this video helped
you, I want you to subscribe and follow.
I'm going to put out videos on a regular
basis. I think they're going to help a
whole lot of people, especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights. We've got the answer for you.